TINY-8714: Calculate the height and width of media embed elements (#8573)
tinymce/tinymce: modules/tinymce/CHANGELOG.md

- Enabling or Disabling checkboxes would not set the correct classes and attributes. #TINY-4189
- Table toolbar was visible even if the table was within a noneditable host element. #TINY-9664
- Quickbar toolbars was shown for noneditable contents in a noneditable root. #TINY-9460

> - Show calculated height and width of media embed elements on media dialog shows, convert to iframe if the dimensions have changed. #TINY-8714

Reviewer: I am wondering if this should be two separate changelog entries

```suggestion
- Show the calculated height and width of media embed elements in the `media` plugin dialog. #TINY-8714
- Allow a media embed element to be correctly resized when using the `media` plugin dialog by converting the media embed to a standalone iframe. #TINY-8714
```
